detective recap here today i'm going to
explain a crime drama film called
river's edge spoilers ahead watch out
and take care
in a town in northern carolina young tim
throws a doll in the river
out of nowhere he hears someone
screaming so he goes to the other side
of the bridge to check where it's coming
from
by the river's edge tim sees a teenager
named john smoking and sitting beside
the naked body of his dead girlfriend
jamie tim then leaves on his bicycle
while jon continues smoking
occasionally looking at jaime's body as
he gets up and gathers jamie's clothes
john looks at her one last time before
finally going away with loud music
blaring
jon drives to a convenience store where
tim happens to be playing a video game
john tries to buy a can of beer but the
cashier won't sell him liquor unless jon
shows his id
jon tells him that he's been coming to
that store for three months and the
previous cashier
frank has never carded him however the
cashier informs john that frank had lost
his job precisely because he didn't get
proper ids from his customers when he
was selling liquor
seeing that the two men are busy tim
grabs the opportunity to steal two cans
of beer before bolting out of the store
after arguing with the cashier john
storms often goes to his car
where he sees him leaning on the hood
inside the car he finds two cans of beer
and as he opens and drinks one
tim lets john know that he got him the
beer and that he saw him that morning
john is oddly unbothered and when tim
asks if he's got any dope
jon says he doesn't but he asks him to
get in the car since he knows where to
find some
while they drive tim asked sean where
they're going and he replies to feck's
house
john knocks on feck store but no one is
answering at tim's house his mother and
big brother
matt are looking for kim's doll kim says
she's sure that tim has done something
to it
when tim arrives he taunts his little
sister outright admitting that he
drowned her doll
kim begins to cry while their mom's
boyfriend jim shouts
are raped from all the commotion
frustrated their mom asked him why he's
so mean but tim only ignores her as he
goes straight to his room
matt follows tim to scold him for what
he did as matt lectures his younger
brother
lane arrives in his car and demands matt
to come out quickly before leaving
matt promises kim that he'll make tim
buy her a new one but she refuses saying
she wants matt to beat him up
ignoring his balling sister tim goes out
and asks lane if they're going to fax
lane asks him what he knows about feck
but before he can answer matt tells him
to leave
tim asked them to take him with him
claiming that he could show them a dead
body
lane mocks him asking if he's got a
girlfriend but tim swears he's serious
and that he really wants some dope
however the two older boys only make fun
of him before driving away
still tim remains determined and he
follows them on his bicycle despite his
mother's warnings
on their way to feck's house lane asks
matt where he was the previous knight
and adds that jon was getting out of
control
when matt asks him who else was there
lane says jamie was there
too he then starts saying something
about clarissa but lane jokingly warns
him to keep his hands off her and the
two start
laughing at feck's place lane knocks on
his door and fek answers it with a gun
in hand
pointed at lane's face after scaring
lane for a bit and bragging about how he
killed a girl before
feck asks him how much of his stuff he
wants and lane says he only needs a
couple of joints
tim arrives but stays hidden and after
seeing lane receive his order team
immediately leaves
matt and lane also leave as soon as they
got what they want matt and lane
together with their friends
tony clarissa and maggie smoke on school
grounds as they talk about going to
portland
matt muses about how they could go there
and stay for good if they like it
clarissa
however doesn't like matt's idea as the
girls prepare to leave
john arrives and late asks him where
jamie is john casually tells them that
he killed her but nobody believes him
jon then takes lane and matt to the
river's edge where they find jaime's
dead and naked body
struck with disbelief lane pokes jamie's
body with a stick to see if she really
is dead before asking jon why he killed
her
he currently replies that jamie was
talking nonsense leaving lane to warn
him that he could get in trouble for
what he did
matt starts walking away and when lane
calls him back he convinces him that
they need to go
the three boys leave as if nothing
happened and at school elaine starts
telling their other friends about what
jon did
tony doesn't believe him so lane offers
to take them to the river's edge so they
can see for themselves but matt doesn't
want to go
when maggie arrives and asks them what
they're talking about tony tells her and
maggie is skeptical of it too
she tells clarissa about what she just
learned and when clarissa asks if she
believes them
maggie explains that they're all going
there in the evening to check jamie's
body out and see if it's really there
lane takes his friends to his brother
mike's workplace to borrow his truck but
his older brother refuses
the rest of the gang is waiting for lane
outside when tim and one of his friends
show up
tim asks tony what they're up to but
tony doesn't answer choosing instead to
tease him
tim says he heard that they're going to
see a dead girl and when tony asks what
he knows about it
tim answers that he and john are close
he's also insistent on going with tony
and his friends
but tony only tells him to leave
meanwhile mike is adamant not to lend
his truck to lane so he drives them
there himself
everyone sees jaime's body by the
river's edge and the site deeply
disturbs clarissa
lane assures them that nobody needs to
know about jaime's death since they can
just bury her body so no one would find
out
nobody volunteers to help him however
and mike even walks away
despite lanes asking him to return mike
is set on leaving so lane ends up
chasing him
as soon as he catches up to mike he puts
him in a chokehold then reminds him that
they're dealing with john's future
the two struggle with mike protesting
that jon brought them there like it's
some kind of show
as they continue to fight jon gets lane
off mike and says he doesn't need to
stay if he doesn't want to
with everyone leaving lane plans to stay
behind to bury jaime but jon himself
starts to leave
too he says that jamie is heavy and with
no one to help him
lane is also forced to go after taking
that back to his house
lane talks to tim and tells him to keep
his mouth shut about jaime tim tells
lane not to worry and lane says he
trusts him before leaving
in an arcade clarissa wants to know what
will happen to jon and lane replies that
nothing will happen to him and that
he'll tie up some loose ends
clarissa can't believe what lane just
told her but he defends his friend
claiming that jaime was badmouthing
jon's mom provoking him to kill her
clarissa retorts that jon's been
bragging about it like he wants to get
caught but layne assures her that he's
not getting caught since nobody is
telling anyone about it
he then warns her to stop talking about
it since some people might hear them
later on clarissa meets with maggie and
they talk about how lane is controlling
them
according to clarissa she's known jamie
since kindergarten and john is
definitely dangerous
she uses a pay phone ready to call the
police but she decides against it in the
end
one day lane shows up at matt's house
unannounced so matt instructs kim to
tell him that he's not home before
hiding
his sister does as she's told but lane
doesn't believe her and enters the house
anyway
asking if he can use their phone matt
quietly watches lane as he calls john
and asks him to take care of jamie but
jon refuses since she's not important to
him
this pisses lane off and he tells him
that he'll take care of the matter
himself before leaving
once he's gone the phone rings and kim
answers it the little girl tells matt
that it's clarissa and when matt takes
the phone from his sister
he seems reluctant to talk to her
sensing that matt isn't in the mood to
talk
clarissa tells him that she only called
to check in on him meanwhile
lane goes back to the river's edge to
retrieve jaime's body before pushing it
into the river
later on as lane drives with jon they
see cops outside john's house
lane orders john to duck asking him if
he wants to get caught
as they pass the house lane continues to
panic about how somebody snitched on
them
on the other hand john remains calm as
lane goes on with his babbling
saying that it was probably mike he then
tells his friend that they're just going
to drive around for a while to see how
things will unfold
however he's determined to get john out
of town and even starts talking about
how they need to find some money for him
still jon remains unbothered even though
his future is on the line here
by the edge of the river matt takes the
cops to where he last saw jamie's body
but they all get confused when they
don't find her while he's insisting that
she was just lying there on the grass
one of the cops calls captain bennett to
show that jaime's body is in the river
with the body retrieved they take matt
to the station for questioning
captain bennett asks if he was shocked
to see jamie's dead body and matt
replies that he doesn't know how he felt
the interrogation continues and the
captain wants to know what he was
thinking when he was standing over his
dead friend's body but matt insists that
he doesn't know
the frustration is creeping to captain
bennett and he asks matt next how he
thinks the body got into the river
and again matt pleads ignorance captain
bennett presses on
telling him that maybe he pushed it but
matt gets irritated retorting that he's
already told him about jon
trying to get anything out of matt the
captain theorizes that he helped jon
push jaime into the river
finally matt explodes reminding him that
he's the one who reported the whole
thing
with the blame suddenly falling on him
matt tries to leave announcing that he
knows his rights and that he didn't do
anything
bennett stops him and tells him that
he's wrong seeing the body and not
immediately reporting it makes him an
accessory after the fact
he orders matt to sit saying that
they're not done talking
meanwhile lane takes john defect's place
and tells him that his friend is in
trouble
when feck asks what john did lane says
it's nothing but john interjects that he
killed jaime
trying to cover up for john lane says he
didn't actually mean to do it and that
it was only an accident
feck is unfazed however then starts
bragging about how he intentionally
killed a girl once by shooting her in
the head then adds that he was in love
with her
lane tries borrowing fec's car to get
john out of town but fec refuses
saying somebody might see his car he
also adds that the cops are still after
him even after 20 years
lane then asks feck if jon can stay in
his house for a while and to that
[ __ ] agrees matt's mom picks him up from
the station and she's appalled that her
son is involved in a murder
matt gets mad and raises his voice
asserting that he didn't kill anybody
and that it was john who killed jaime
when his mom says he doesn't seem too
concerned about it matt tells her that
she doesn't know anything
worry she tells him that tim is not yet
home but matt assures her that his
brother is okay
at home matt and his mom find jim
sitting on the couch and jim tells them
that he's seen matt's friend on tv
when matt learns that the cops haven't
caught john yet jim tells him that his
friends have been calling all night and
he then asks if he helped john kill
jaime
the two start arguing and it isn't long
before they're at each other's throats
kim sees the whole thing and runs away
so matt follows her they then find that
the small grave that kim made for her
ruined dolls is defaced and just in time
tim shows up
matt then chases his brother down the
street and when he catches up to him tim
denies having to do anything with it
matt punches him but jim shows up and
stops the fight tim calls matt a traitor
and when matt asks his brother what he
meant
tim tells him that he's going to pay and
die for what he did before leaving on
his bicycle
tim then goes to his friend moko's house
and instructs him to get his nunchucks
and dad's car
saying he knows where they can get a gun
after his fight with tim lane spots matt
as he's walking down the street then
asks him where he's been all night
as matt gets in the car lane tells him
that they shouldn't have let mike in on
their secret
though he's pretending not to know
anything matt says that the snitch could
have been anyone
he then asks where jon is and lane tells
him that he's somewhere safe
at fex house fec talks to john about his
sister unaware that jon has already left
meanwhile lane goes to clarissa's house
and asks for cash they then take her
with them to pick up tony but they only
find tony's father there when they reach
his house
with the two boys looking for their
friend tony's father leaves to get his
son
however he comes back with a shotgun
instead then fires at the two boys
without warning
lane and that managed to avoid getting
hit and as they run tony's father chases
them down
while lane and matt hyde clarissa sees
tony's armed father running toward their
car
she immediately starts the engine and
drives off leaving her two friends
luckily the boys see clarissa speeding
away and they're able to catch up with
her
tim and moko drive to fex house
meanwhile feck is still looking for jon
outside his house and is surprised to
see him inside with a cat
fec reminds jon that lane told him not
to leave until he's back but john
doesn't seem to care
he tries putting the cat on feck's
life-sized doll which only makes him mad
feck demands him to get rid of the cat
but jon refuses when john sees a chain
hanging on the wall he asks feck if he
was a biker
and feck claims that he was back in the
days fact then starts talking about how
he lost his leg due to a motorcycle
accident
and as they talk john notices that they
already ran out of beer
john wants to borrow fx car to buy some
beer but feck reminds him that he's not
supposed to go anywhere determined to
get his beer john tells fec to go
instead of him promising that he'll
behave
suddenly they hear a sound coming from
outside which happens to come from tim
and moko
back in the car lane gets pissed at
clarissa for leaving them
however clarissa gets mad too saying he
doesn't need her or matt to be with him
she proposes to just go to the cops and
tell them where jon is but of course
lane warns her not to this spurs an
argument between them
and lane insists that there's nothing
more they can do about jaime's death
he pulls over and tries leaving clarice
at a gas station but matt protests and
stays behind with her
the two start walking home while talking
about lane and as they reach clarissa's
house
she abruptly goes inside to get some
sleeping bags after that
she goes back outside to kiss matt then
asks him to go to the park with her
back at fex place tim and moko hide as
lane pulls into the driveway
lane bangs on the door and when no one
answers it he kicks it open
only to find the house empty in a
convenient store matt is buying some
beer when john shows up
with the cashier refusing to sell them
alcohol jon suddenly pulls out a gun and
points it at the cashier
he asks matt to leave and matt is quick
to comply meanwhile lane is throwing a
fit as he leaves feck's house
with him gone tim and moko go inside and
ransack the place in search of guns
but instead of finding fex guns they
find his stash of pot at the park
clarissa learns that matt was the one
who told the cops about jaime
clarissa admits that she couldn't even
cry for jaime and they continue talking
about their feelings over their friend's
death
after that clarissa confesses to matt
that she likes him and with that the two
start kissing
on the other hand lane is still
frantically looking for john and feck
not knowing that they're drinking by the
river's edge in his drunken stupor
john shouts profanities all while firing
fex gun the older man tries to stop him
but john only asks him if that was the
gun he used to kill the girl he was
talking about
adding that he probably did it to show
her whose boss conflicted
fec tells him that he's not sure if he
will understand especially since he
actually loved the girl
john proceeds to brag about killing
jaime and he starts firing the gun again
matt who's making love with clarissa in
the park hears it but he doesn't stop
feck demands him to return his gun
and when jon returns it he puts on airs
about how he doesn't even need a gun
since he was able to kill jaime with his
bare hands
he boasts about that day jon was on top
of her when he strangled her
and he talks about how he wasn't even
mad when he did it and jaime didn't look
surprised
after just a few minutes jamie's face
turned dark purple and she just stared
at him
john is so proud that he had total
control of jamie she was dead there in
front of him
while he felt so alive after relishing
in his murder he asks feck if that's how
he felt after killing the girl he loved
but feck tells him that it wasn't
jon's so sure that he's going to prison
but feck assures him that lane will help
him
jon doesn't believe him however and says
that lane isn't even a real friend
john infect continue to talk by the
river's edge while matt and clarissa try
to get some sleep around the park
lane however is left to drive around
town still searching and incessantly
popping his pills
meanwhile tim and moko get high after
using all of fxpot
the following morning fec shoots john in
the head before going home
there he gets ambushed by tim and moko
after they hit him on the head
tim and moko make quick work of stealing
his gun and getting in his car
in the streets the cops find lane
unconscious in his car he is then taken
to the police station where he is left
in a room to wait
tim and moko go to matt's school while
inside maggie and tony are being
interviewed about
jamie's death at the station lane
continues to keep his mouth shut about
jamie's murder
clarisse is in class but she can't
answer her teacher's question when asked
if she's upset over jaime's death
tim and moko continue to wait outside
the school still inside fex car
back at his place feck wakes up thanks
to lane's call lane asks where jon is
and feck tells him he's gone in the
river as they're talking the cops
suddenly show up in a restfec
leaving lane to run for his car as
matt's group gathers by the river
matt notices something floating in the
water but he realizes that it's just
fec's life-sized all
lane then arrives to look for jon but
clarissa tells him to just forget about
him
still thinking that mike is the one who
told the cops about jaime lane tries
attacking him but matt stops him
this only leaves lane furious and he
starts running away but matt goes after
him
finally he admits that he's the one who
tried turning john in
thoroughly upset lane could only
continue looking for his friend and when
he
at last finds him dead by the river's
edge lane weeps
hearing his cries matt and his friends
run up to where he is but before matt
could reach him tim calls out and points
a gun at his own brother
fortunately matt gets tim to tuck her
out matt apologizes for hurting him and
demands that he give him the gun
when tim finally comes to his senses
matt puts his arm around his younger
brother
in the hospital feck tells the cops that
he killed john because there's no hope
for him and that he didn't even love
jaime
though feck says that he killed a girl
himself years ago he clings to the fact
that he at least loved her
back at the river's edge the authorities
arrived to retrieve jon's body and take
him away
after all of that matt and his friends
pay their respects at jamie's funeral
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching